feat: check if fields declared on the factory belong to the model (#405)
litestar-org/polyfactory: docs/usage/configuration.rst

.. literalinclude:: /examples/configuration/test_example_7.py
    :caption: Disable Allow None Optionals
    :language: python

Check Factory Fields
--------------------

> When `__check_model__` is set to `True`, declaring an argument on the factory that doesn't exist on the model will trigger an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `__check_model__` is set to `True`, declaring a field on the factory that doesn't exist on the model will trigger an exception.
```

Just to maintain the consistency since the below sentence uses `fields`.

Reviewer: Oh, I like the change you made better than what I suggested. It reads better for some reason :P
